README.md, before:

# BnBreeze – FullStack Project

This project was built to practice backend development using Node.js and Express.
The main focus of this project is backend logic, routing, authentication, and database handling.
UI is kept simple and is only used to test backend functionality.

---

## What I Practiced in This Project

- Express.js routing
- MVC folder structure
- RESTful APIs
- User authentication (signup, login, logout)
- Middleware usage
- MongoDB schema design using Mongoose
- Error handling using custom error classes
- Server-side form handling
- Backend validation

---

## Backend Features

### Authentication
- User signup
- User login
- User logout

### Listings
- Add listing
- Edit listing
- Delete listing
- View all listings

### Reviews
- Add review
- Delete review

### Database
- MongoDB with Mongoose

### Error Handling
- Centralized error handling
- Async error handling using wrapper functions

---

## Tech Stack Used

### Backend
- Node.js
- Express.js

### Database
- MongoDB
- Mongoose

### Authentication
- Passport.js
- Passport-Local-Mongoose

### Templating (for testing backend)
- EJS

### Tools & Middleware
- Multer
- Connect-Flash
- Joi
- Express-Session

---


## How to Run Locally

- git clone https://github.com/Aaditya0411/BnBreeze-Home.git
- cd BnBreeze-Home
- npm install
- node app.js

---

## Environment Variables Required

- MONGO_URI
- CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME
- CLOUDINARY_API_KEY
- CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET
- MAPTILER_API_KEY

---

## Purpose of This Project

- Learn full-stack web development
- Practice backend architecture
- Understand authentication & authorization
- Work with cloud services
- Build a real-world style application

---

Commit message:

Revise README to highlight full stack focus
Updated project description to emphasize full stack development and inspiration from Airbnb.

README.md, after:

# BnBreeze – FullStack Project

BnBreeze is a **full stack web development practice project** inspired by Airbnb.  
This project was built to understand how frontend and backend work together in a real application.

---

## What I Practiced in This Project

- Express.js routing
- MVC folder structure
- RESTful APIs
- User authentication (signup, login, logout)
- Middleware usage
- MongoDB schema design using Mongoose
- Error handling using custom error classes
- Server-side form handling
- Backend validation

---

## Backend Features

### Authentication
- User signup
- User login
- User logout

### Listings
- Add listing
- Edit listing
- Delete listing
- View all listings

### Reviews
- Add review
- Delete review

### Database
- MongoDB with Mongoose

### Error Handling
- Centralized error handling
- Async error handling using wrapper functions

---

## Tech Stack Used

### Backend
- Node.js
- Express.js

### Database
- MongoDB
- Mongoose

### Authentication
- Passport.js
- Passport-Local-Mongoose

### Templating (for testing backend)
- EJS

### Tools & Middleware
- Multer
- Connect-Flash
- Joi
- Express-Session

---


## How to Run Locally

- git clone https://github.com/Aaditya0411/BnBreeze-Home.git
- cd BnBreeze-Home
- npm install
- node app.js

---

## Environment Variables Required

- MONGO_URI
- CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME
- CLOUDINARY_API_KEY
- CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET
- MAPTILER_API_KEY

---

## Purpose of This Project

- Learn full-stack web development
- Practice backend architecture
- Understand authentication & authorization
- Work with cloud services
- Build a real-world style application

---
